hey and welcome back to another look
this vlog starts off with one of the
cambridge greats peter waters a
wonderful chemistry lecturer doing an
excellent demonstration so yeah just
think I'll introduce that one and let's
go
[Music]
so I've just been too pleased to collect
some dark shoes it's just behind me over
there again so that was great
got my lovely latin shoes I'll show you
them they tell I'm one of them for you
later when I get back
oh no right please are those Queens is a
very pleasant I must say right by the
river
I saw the punters very pleasant yeah no
I've got to unmask this evening this
afternoon today took the rats do that
now then they've gotta collect my shoes
I did I brain just kept them at the
weekend and I didn't turn up because my
rowing outing went on longer than
expected and I felt really bad
afterwards this afternoon it's a race
against time I won't let the deadline be
me and the time is 3:45 that gives us
exactly three hours to get this maths
done are we gonna do it of course we're
gonna do it let's go let's get going
that maths deadline is going to be made
meanwhile I'm just gonna grab some
orange juice because I really want some
orange juice
so just gonna show you my dog and of
course I've got Hill protectors because
you got to protect those heels I'm well
excited to dance and he's this evening
gonna be good
I've got my first competition this
weekend although I'm only dancing Martin
I think well I mean haven't even told I
can just do that but me and my partner
just want to do that in well I mean I'd
like to do ballroom if it was possible
but my partner hasn't been to boring
classes like not their fault they just
couldn't make it so they just don't know
the move so it just doesn't we can't
really do for him which is a shame but
next time we will do ballroom say that'd
be good but I'm excited for Latin doing
chatter and I've the problem the problem
of taking on too much stuff I suddenly
realize I've got a darts competition and
a rowing thing on the same day it's
called Queens
urgh switch I like the rowing machine
kind of relay things your team and as
cooks I should be there to motivate my
team support them help change overs on
the rowing machine but I can't go it
could not see competition everything
clashes nightmare and I don't know why
I'm still talking to you so I really
should be doing mats cuz I said earlier
I've got three hours listen three hours
now until my deadline so I'm gonna get
going sure yeah see you there
6:44 and I've just handed my work in
that's how it's done
so tonight I'm off to a desert evening
at the Masters Lodge it should be good I
love dessert so looking forward to it
got my fancy gear room I wasn't sure
what to wear the dress code was
loungewear I was like well we're not go
for a nice blouse got nice skirt on
should be good
cuz it's no gouts I you should just rely
on throwing on my gown there's no gowns
so hopefully I'm wearing the right thing
yeah looking forward to it I am
exhausted like magic busy day like I've
been on the go all the day I had to F
sizes practicals Claire skipped one on
Monday which was my own fault but
whatever I did have to write an essay
like I was doing like it wasn't a little
slacking off or anything but ya know I
did Tuesday and then that was this
morning and then I initially I had like
a quick hour at lunch break and then I
was straight off to my scientific
computing session and then straight off
to supervision which I was a few minutes
late for in the end cuz I had to get
back from my scientific computing
session and then I have to go straight
skate how was work done then obviously I
have my dessert evening which was very
pleasant by the way I wish I could have
filmed it but I don't think the master
would have liked that so I didn't but it
was really good we had excellent food it
was like a cranberry cheesecake thingy
and then we had like cheese board and I
don't even like cheese and it tasted
good
what is up with that and obviously like
a pleasant dessert wine and yeah what
else do we have
oh and coffee tea I had coffee because I
had to stay up late because it's now 20
to one class day I Blake completing my
chemistry I've just caught and handed
that in the plot yeah some people are
out clubbing tonight after dessert
evening I have taken the decision that
that's probably best not for tonight
because I need my sleep I'm running on
very little sleep at the minute I was up
thing I was up late last night
working so I just need to get good well
I mean it's still quite late so I'm not
gonna get as long sleep as I want but I
just get a bit of sleep and be refreshed
for tomorrow
so much work to do so much work to do oh
I've got physics practical tomorrow and
I haven't done the prep work for that
yet which you know you have like
compulsory prep work each week for the
physics practical which will like be
like part of the marks towards your
overall mark the practical which is like
a small percentage of your final grade
for the year or whatever so they like
check you doing one more and taking
apparently it takes like half an hour or
something if that so I do have that time
to worry about for practical so
hopefully I don't run into any trouble
with that it's all good is that it's all
going smoothly it's just I just when I
think about how much I've got to do i
some think oh god oh my god like I need
to go shopping
I just I don't have the time to go out
shopping I just don't have the time to
do things that are real necessities like
I've not my laundry bin has filled up
again I don't have the time to go and do
the laundry so much a work to do but at
least I don't have to get up early
tomorrow for sing no outing
tomorrow so that's good
it's fine but everything's under control
everything is under control no
supervision mr. Moore just just lab but
lab will be fine that will be fun
who doesn't love a physics lab I am
going to go to bed I will catch you at
some point
[Music]
Hey so I just got back from my first
dance competition such a long day but it
was actually really good fun me and Tim
got into the semi-finals
in all three dances that we did which
was actually really impressive because
Tim hasn't been to any boring classes so
he let's do that
whoops yesterday evening and we made it
to the semi-finals so thank you thank
you thank you everybody
no it was actually pretty fun it was
just day like in sight it's just all
just cambridge this one but next
competition in two weeks time is in
Nottingham and it's against what's among
the universities so that should be fun
I'm excited it doesn't mean that I've
got no work done today so I do need to
get on with that how but hey Saturday a
great day off missed a couple of
lectures could not make a habit of it
but like cuz obviously was a dance
magician and I couldn't it would mean
missing one of the other so luckily that
one of them is recorded the other one
the notes for all of mine so I can catch
up this evening so I'm going to get on
with that now and yeah I'll have a good
evening right
also we just appreciate this but I've
done like I don't know how to better
show you hey can you see that that is a
very messy one everyone else such meat
buns I turned up this messy bun because
I initially can't even her environments
nightmare I've got pins sticking out of
it everywhere it was just a nightmare
this morning
yeah look I tried Ricky
[Music]
[Applause]
hello so my sister has come to visit me
there she is
and we have just got back from pool what
draw my Audrey my sister is trying to
make her back we've got cut bad here
just down there for her to stay on my
room is a mess
but we're gonna fit it in and we've just
set off the combat which we've hired
from Lodge porters Lodge you don't know
the lingo and we need to make the bed
now they're in that covered it does
there you go they go she's opened it now
I used to but then like I feel they get
too hot with my I like my deal I like my
duvet my mum a blanket yes okay right um
there should be it's my old bedding yeah
there's also a specular under my bed
yeah yeah there's application there as
well there's oh there's also especially
that you're gonna put over the combat
kitted out for guests welcome guests to
my humble abode
yeah I've got my my work done this
evening I got done earlier Lydia came
and worked in the library with me and we
had a great time in the group study room
we got we got a lot of work done
I know it was a bit of a kind of a lads
live research like that was like we are
the only females in the group study room
yeah maybe yeah
the bit of a racket to be honest but I
suppose it is group study so you're
supposed to talk but no all the talk was
work-related yeah video got those of
worked I see we worked through the whole
afternoon she came to visit that is why
you come to visit Cambridge you got what
darling how you I think it's just the
place it's just the place I know I had
no choice I had a deadline at 6:45 so
yes and now this evening what are we
gonna get up to Lydia I've learned this
card game called Avalon I never heard of
it before but a lot of people had and I
loved it the mind games though oh it's
amazing it was so good and there's a
copy in the games room and I'm
determined to introduce Lydia to it but
obviously the issue is you need people
to play with I didn't know what everyone
is this evening and people are either
probably yeah okay I see okay like wait
what evening is it like
shoes day maybe people are out clubbing
I don't know or sometimes yeah or um or
they're working cause we're all drowning
and work so I don't know people will be
up for it but we're gonna we're gonna
see around the pups don't do up the Pops
on my duvet a broken essentially you
said to leave it undone which is why I
don't use that duvet anymore I've got
lovely new bedding for uni check it out
yes see that can't bed does not look
comfy there's me with my mattress topper
and Lydia was
it was case scenario on use this I might
actually see it all uses it's like a
sheet and I'll put this openly so it's
like I'm making up crazy Abed if you
would video review on yes so my room is
descended into chaos as you might be
able to see I'm blaming all on Lydia cuz
she's put all her stuff that is my case
and she hasn't heard white but my room
was also a bit messy stuff but no
luckily I've got no deadlines tomorrow
so I'm doing like this evening because
we just leave the work we write till the
deadline that's what we do here and then
I'm gonna get work done tomorrow cuz
I've got a deadline on Thursday at
midday
so the work needs to be done tomorrow
evening essentially so I'm not stressed
on Thursday morning so that'd be fun
tomorrow is a really full-on day I hate
Wednesdays you know how you're saying
you'd broken this bracelet you would
have broken it mine got me and Lydia
have got matching bracelets because were
that cute and you're I broke mine it got
twisted not the actual and thread
started coming out the actual bracelet
that happens the one that I got from bad
times
well my arm is starting to ache I know I
said look at my arm should be better but
I just sounded watching us i don't use
do squats like i under coach the coach
was like Paige do you feel free to join
it and I was like I do exercise now I'm
cycling too much all the time
I wish like couldn't in cycling winter
hates likely
gets cold but anyway okay leave your
stuff in the bracelet brother it's like
one of those response you get from like
yeah children's and parties yeah oh my
god yeah
I always do something I've never really
kept my swimming bound on for ages some
people don't get them off but those
things are strong but anyway
goodbye for now touch ha I shall have a
great evening I hope you do too mine so
what we and my sister are in the gym
evening got a load of sleep I've had a
good seven hours sleep last night
which is very nice I've been to a
lecture this morning a lot early and
it's my lack of makeup religious looking
really Brown I had to take I took my
card so I can get my in and out of like
the called original places but the card
I put in my room that makes the electric
look so that it was just in the dark all
morning scientific computing session and
then I've got a super vision and I know
I'm going to be rushing between them
because I honestly do every week and I
can't fit it all in and I've got to how
much to work I'm gonna have a great day
working we will go to kappa / / and cuz
its end of the week today because
cambridge week start of Thursday so once
does it yeah so Wednesday's like the end
of the week and so they did like a
Sunday burst on a Wednesday so they
might even have pizza you know
although cupcakes isn't okay don't get
your hopes up like okay the food
attracts some bad so they're just gonna
have her first experience up there it's
like
80ml anyway so how go to calculator yeah
this is downing site where I put us
let's go right now
so on my way starting site lecture we've
got a hair okay so actually good we're
doing volcanoes so so I'm walking back
to my chemistry lab after my lunch break
and one foot because my bike lights
basically ran out of battery I had to
change it and my lab will finished after
it's dark so lovely walking today
I missed a lecture this morning but not
because I was sleeping in no no because
I was up doing chemistry I got up at 6
o'clock
I came to John hand to him before the
deadline just about missed a lecture but
it was like it was relatively simple
stuff so I catch up on it after so
oh I kept the pace up because I don't
running late as waves just me
so my chemistry practice is now done
with now I need to go back and have some
coffee
I don't want drink just it's quite
tiring had to redo my thin layer
chromatography after it went wrong first
time for the parent it was kind of half
right first time and yeah I don't even
know it was called TLC adventure today
yes as exciting as that sounds
Wow I could have been done like I want
you to get this thin layer
chromatography perfect people or do a
write-up over Christmas from the last
two practicals so that should be fun
lots of work to do over the holiday I
can't wait
no it's freezing I'm just not used to
walking you should always have your bike
now it's crazy so that's it for another
I'd say another week is actually been
like two three you know what you know
having a little one why no thanks for
watching bye